that this book we're just starting but
because it's a book that helps us
remember things and we can write things
in this book and if we're planning a
party this is a good place to have that
list we won't lose it it's in this book
and this is a book that we can keep all
our really good ideas in so we're going
to need a pencil so if you pass around
the writing pencils George and take one
for yourself pass the round so you take
one for yourself pass it round Wilfred
down to Rebecca okay and then pass it on
to Katie and then Katie if you pass it
to William and um we're going to plan
this party now we're going to write only
list can anybody remember how we write
the list
Camile yes that's good I know that's
good Camille said we need to write the
things under the other things so it's
not like we're writing write the way
across as we see in our reading books
we're actually going to be writing down
putting one thing under another to make
the list it's easy to see it's clear to
read and that's what we're going to do
so could you hold your pencil show me
how you hold your pencil brilliant and
what I want you to do is think of
something that we could put on this list
or we could have a go at the word
balloons now can you point to the top
here this is probably a good place to
start so if we're going to write the
word balloons the first thing on our
list
what so could you have a go look up and
you can look on here you can check how
it looks
just
see and half ago at the top good girl
for knowing that that's well done so
George you've had to go writing but
you're going to have to go here
yeah interests sir yep just do it on
there we're having a go William could
you write before balloon what you think
comes next back bad okay have a go just
have it go this is brilliant so what
have you written here what's this word
the sound what's this sound that you've
begun me so what do you think this says
and just a second
hey so what's up you Kate do you think
this is Kate what do you usually have a
party hey so could it be cake yeah
excellent my done good well what do you
think it says was it begin with yeah guy
okay so do doing good girl
see you can read it you don't need to
ask me
good job I love your writing as well
that's looking really nice Wow look at
this and you've written a list which is
really good you've written Leo because
whose birthdays Italy so maybe you can
also draw a picture of Leo on your
tablecloth and they'd love to see a
picture of yourself only
that'd be great hi good what is this
what does this word seem afraid sit well
have a look at what it begins with
what's that sound there that's good that
you're helping
this is it this one this yeah so what do
you think that word says using that as a
clue it's this one so do you know what
that says what we celebrating that
begins with a parting okay good good I'm
looking over here Hanna
what you writing oh that's really good I
love it because you've written Hanna and
Leo and you've illustrated it which is
really good I love it good that's lovely
what's vs. won't say
so so could that give you a clue what